My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships.
Oh you're talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back.
My name must taste good because it's always in your mouth. 
Don't you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
Too bad you can't count jumping to conclusions and running your mouth as exercise. 
Is your drama going to an intermission soon?
I'm an acquired taste. If you don't like me, acquire some taste. 
If I wanted a bitch, I would have bought a dog.
My business is my business. Unless you're a thong, get out of my ass. 
It's a shame you can't Photoshop your personality.
I don't sugarcoat shit. I'm not Willy Wonka.
Acting like a prick doesn't make yours grow bigger.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was a penis. 
Calm down. Take a deep breath and then hold it for about twenty minutes.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon, bitch! 
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I want to be there in case it needs help.
You have more faces than Mount Rushmore.
Sorry, sarcasm falls out of my mouth like bullshit falls out of yours.
Don't mistake my silence for weakness. No one plans a murder out loud. 
Yes, I am a bitch — just not yours.
I'm sorry you got offended that one time you were treated the way you treat everyone all the time. 
You should wear a condom on your head. If you're going to be a dick, you might as well dress like one. 
Maybe you should eat make-up so you'll be pretty on the inside too. 
Being a bitch is a tough job but someone has to do it. 
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you. 
You're entitled to your incorrect opinion.
You're so real. A real ass.
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you really bad advice.
If I had a face like yours I'd sue my parents.
Where's your off button?
I didn't change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
The people who know me the least have the most to say.
I'm jealous of people who don't know you.
I'm sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
You sound reasonable… Time to up my medication.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
I'm sorry, you seem to have mistaken me with a woman who will take your shit.
I'm visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
90% of your ‘beauty' could be removed with a Kleenex.
I suggest you do a little soul searching. You might just find one.
Some people should use a glue stick instead of chapstick.
My hair straightener is hotter than you.
I have heels higher than your standards.
I'd smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
If you're offended by my opinion, you should hear the ones I keep to myself. 
If you're going to be a smart ass, first you have to be smart, otherwise you're just an ass.
Your face is fine but you will have to put a bag over that personality.
Hey, I found your nose, it's in my business again!
I'm not an astronomer but I am pretty sure the earth revolves around the sun and not you.
I might be crazy, but crazy is better than stupid. 
It's scary to think people like you are allowed to vote. 
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you'll find your brain back there.
No, no. I am listening. It just takes me a moment to process so much stupid information all at once.
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit. 
Everyone brings happiness to a room. I do when I enter, you do when you leave.
I keep thinking you can't get any dumber and you keep proving me wrong. I'm not shy. I just don't like you.
Your crazy is showing. You might want to tuck it back in.I am allergic to stupidity, so I break out in sarcasm.
You're like a plunger. You like to bring up old shit. 
I am not ignoring you. I am simply giving you time to reflect on what an idiot you are being.
I hide behind sarcasm because telling you to go fuck yourself is rude in most social situations.
You're the reason I prefer animals to people. 
You're not pretty enough to have such an ugly personality. 
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom manufacturer
I'd explain it to you but I left my English-to-Dumbass Dictionary at home.
You don't like me, then fuck off. Problem solved.
You’re my favorite person besides every other person I’ve ever met.
No offense, but you make me want to staple my cunt shut.
Did your parents have any children that lived?
I envy people who have never met you.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
You’re kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
I’ll plant a mango tree in your mother’s cunt and fuck your sister in its shade.
Those aren’t acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed.
You’re not pretty enough to be that dumb.
Your mother fucks for bricks so she can build your sister a whorehouse.
I’m sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
You were birthed out your mother’s ass because her cunt was too busy.
You’re so stupid you couldn’t pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
Such a shame your mother didn’t swallow you.
The best part of you ran down your mom’s leg.
You couldn’t organize a blowjob if you were in a Nevada brothel with a pocket full of hundred-dollar bills.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d rather have type-2 diabetes.
You should put a condom on your head, because if you’re going to act like a dick you better dress like one, too.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
How the fuck are you the sperm that won?
May your balls turn square and fester at the corners.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If you were a potato you’d be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn’t what she meant.
You are so ugly that when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
Ready to fail like your dad’s condom?
I’d call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth.
If I wanted to commit suicide I’d climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Everyone that has ever said they love you was wrong.
You have the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
The only difference between you and Hitler is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
I hope you have beautiful children and that they all get cancer.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
For years your mother and I wanted kids. Imagine our disappointment when you came along.
Your face is so oily that I’m surprised America hasn’t invaded yet.
Your father should’ve wiped you on the sheets.
If I wanted any shit out of you I’d take my dick out of your ass.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
You’re the reason you mom swallows now.
How did you crawl out of the abortion bucket?
If the road were paved with dicks, your mother would walk on her ass.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
You could fuck up a wet dream.
You’re not as dumb as you look.
Son, anyone who would fuck you ain’t worth fucking.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was my dick.
You know, people were right about you.
You’ve got a great body. Too bad there’s no workout routine for a face.
If you could suck your own dick then you would finally suck at everything.
I want you to be the pallbearer at my funeral so you can let me down one last time.
Don’t make me have to smack the extra chromosome out of you.
You’ve gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
You’ll never be half the man your mother was.
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I’d drink it.
I’ve forgotten more than you know.
You smell like you wipe back to front.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
Shut your mouth, I can smell your Dad’s cock.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
How do you even masturbate knowing whose dick you’re touching?
You are the human embodiment of an eight-dollar haircut.
The only thing that will ever fuck you is life.
You suck dick at fucking pussy.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid. I can’t forget that day.
You look like a bag of mashed-up assholes.
You’re a huge bag of tiny cocks.
You’re so inbred you’re a sandwich.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
What’s a girl like you doing at a nice place like this?
You’re about as important as a white crayon.
Was your mother just in the bathroom? Because she forgot to flush your twin.
If my dog had a face like you, I’d paint his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
If your parents were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on his way to a family reunion.
People will not only remember your death, they will celebrate it.
You are a shit stain on the underpants of society.
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say when to stop.
You’re about as useful as tits on a pigeon.
Why are you playing hard to get when you’re so hard to want?
I’d offer you a shit sandwich, but I hear you don’t like bread.